Amazon announced on Friday deal that
shocked the business world Amazon is
planning to buy Whole Foods the grocery
stores for 13.7 billion dollar or to put
it in Whole Foods terms for five cans of
macadamia nuts the CEO of Whole Foods
said the idea of this idea of joining
forces with Amazon came to him in a
dream which means this guy has some very
white dreams but and while many business
leaders are praising this mooc some
customers are concerned that amazon will
change the whole foods experience in a
will but that isn't necessarily a
negative in fact we've put together a
quick demonstration to show you exactly
how it will work once these two
companies joined forces so here we are I
am now in imagine I am now in the
grocery store alright welcome to Amazon
Whole Foods would you like to try our
pita chips and hummus oh yes sure I
would thank you very much mmm did you
like that just the one time or would you
like to have it every other month you're
the one fun good
hi James how did you enjoy your hummus
Jimmy and it was fine
good how fine was it on a scale of 1 to
5 stars
for I would say you know people who
bought that hummus also enjoyed our
Toshiki dip and our triple-a batteries
would you like to add those to your cart
I don't really need batteries well once
we had to say about that hummus it's too
salty I like the old hummus it was
creamier and you didn't have to mix the
oil in with a spoon ok you know I don't
really need all this extra information
I just wanted would you like to sign up
for Whole Foods prime it's $600 along
with your hummus you'll get a free
streaming series from the Duplass
brothers no you know what I'll just take
that I just like to order some hummus
although I don't see any office on your
table here comes a hummus draw
[Music]
is a terrible idea thank you very much
that's actually our slogan Amazon Whole
Foods a terrible idea
[Applause]
why fish you have to be in the thing the
wheel at all mother I could use a humus
drone that could be the key to peace in
the Middle East a hummus drone hi I'm
Jimmy Kimmel if you like that click the
subscribe button below and good things
will happen forever